c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.dll.config
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.dll
c:\users\shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Shubham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebAPI\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.dll.config
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.dll
C:\Users\Shubham\Source\Repos\WebAPI MVC\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.pdb
